# TripleTen Data Science Projects

## What is TripleTen 
[TripleTen](https://tripleten.com/data-science/) provides an eight-month long, project-based online course that provides rigorous course work and education in machine learning, data exploration, statistical data analysis, python programming, time series forecasting, A/B testing, natural language processing, computer vision, and more. 

## What Can be Found in This Repository
This repository will host all of my projects that I completed at the end of each sprint. Below, you will find a table of contents that contains a link to each project along with a brief description of the project and skills used to complete the project. 

| Project Name                           | Project Description                                                                        | Libraries Used                                                                           |
|----------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
[Exploratory Data Analysis](https://github.com/brifae456/Data-Projects---TripleTen/tree/main/Exploratory%20Data%20Analysis)                                                   |Exploratory Data Analysis               |Come up with insights on shopping habits of Instcart customers                              |'pandas' 'numpy' 'matplotlib                                                              |
[Machine Learning- OilyGiant](https://github.com/brifae456/Data-Projects---TripleTen/tree/main/Machine%20Learning-%20Oily%20Giant)               |Machine Learning- Oily Giant            |Working for the OilyGiant mining company. The task is to find the best place for a new well. Using the data on oil samples from three regions. Build a model that will help to pick the region with the highest profit margin. Analyze potential profit and risks using the Bootstrapping technique. | 'numpy' 'pandas' 'scipy' and 'sklearn' |    
[Online Game Store Project](https://github.com/brifae456/Data-Projects---TripleTen/tree/main/Online%20Game%20Store%20Project)                    |Generate insights and run hypothesis tests to determine which video games consoles should be promoted in an upcoming advertising campaign       | 'pandas' 'numpy' 'matplotlib' 'scipy' 'seaborn'
[Python- TV Show Rating Impact](https://github.com/brifae456/Data-Projects---TripleTen/tree/main/Python-TV%20Show%20Rating%20Impact) |Working in entertainment industry, analyze datasetof records from movies and shows. Determine how votes impact its ratings. | 'pandas'
[SQL Project-Ride Share](https://github.com/brifae456/Data-Projects---TripleTen/tree/main/SQL%20Project-Ride%20Share)  | Testing a hypothesis about the impact of weather on ride frequency using ride-sharing data in Chicago area  |'pandas' 'numpy' 'matplotlib' 'scipy'
[Statistical Data Analysis- Megaline](https://github.com/brifae456/Data-Projects---TripleTen/tree/main/Statistical%20Data%20Analysis-Megaline). |Performing hypothesistesting to help determineif there is statistically difference in revenue for pre-paid plans  | 'pandas' 'numpy' 'matplotlib' 'scipy'
